== Getting Started

1. Make sure you have rails version 4. Type "rails -v" to make sure.
BCF: And make sure you're using Ruby <2.2. I used rbenv to install v2.1.10. (See at bottom.)
2. From this project directory, do "bundle install --without production"
3. To start the server "rails server".
4. Navigate your browser to localhost:3000.


== Setting up with Git

1. Instantiate this directory as a git repository with "git init".
2. Go to github.com, create a new repository, then follow instructions on how to add a remote repository that links to github.
3. Remember, you have to "git add" changes to ready it for a commit, then "git commit" to commit those changes locally, then "git push origin master" to push it to the remote "origin" repository, which is the previously created github.com repository.

== Deploying to Heroku

1. Download the Heroku Toolbelt.
2. Go to Heroku.com and register.
3. Issue "heroku login" to authenticate, with the credentials from previous step. Make sure it's a git repository, by issuing "git init", and also "git add", "git commit" your files.
4. Then "heroku create" to create this app on heroku. This command also adds a "heroku" remote repository that you can push to.
5. To deploy, issue "git push heroku master".
6. You may need to run migrations on heroku afterwards, with "heroku run rake db:migrate".
7. Other helpful heroku commands:
  - heroku logs
  - heroku logs -t
  - heroku rename
  - heroku restart
  - heroku run console
  - heroku help

== rbenv (bcf)
  - rbenv install -l // lists the available versions
  - rbenv install 2.1.10 // highest version < 2.2
  - rbenv local 2.1.10 // switch to 2.1.10 in working directory
  - rbenv version // check which version of Ruby you're using
  - rbenv init

A file '.ruby-version' is created in your working directory, with contents: 2.1.10.
rbenv uses this to parse all Ruby commands.

Note -- Make sure the rbenv init lines in your .bash_profile are there, at the end:
  - export PATH="$HOME/.rbenv/bin:$PATH"
  - eval "$(rbenv init -)"
  - export PATH="$HOME/.rbenv/plugins/ruby-build/bin:$PATH"
